BLACKMESA TRAINING SIMULATION - RESONANCE CASCADE
Version: V5.20
-----------------------------------
You have been selected to take part in this months training simulation, this experience will prepare for you the possibility of a resonance cascade scenario! please report to Sector H - a briefing is waiting for all personnel attending the simulation. The administrator and the Sector C personnel are pushing for this simulation, so it is a mandatory event.

report back to your workplace tomorrow at 08:00 and report to your area manager.
-----------------------------------

Description:
This map requires a lot of time to understand and navigate, you will be randomly placed around the map and be made to survive the resonance cascade, the first map currently features various areas which include:
- Area 1 Dormitories
- Area 2 Warehousing
- Aera 3 Maintenance Level 2
- Area 4 Security facilities
- Area 5 Administration

Each location has a map to navigate, You will need to understand the item_inventory system to play this map. You will also require autoclimb which will be disabled on a lot of servers.

Important:
All items are randomly generated around the map and go into the inventory with the exception of ammo and armor items.
Player HP is 50hp for a reason, it's to represent not having a HEV suit and the dangers of the resonance cascade
The map is MASSIVE - but you can walk from 1 end to the other - but it's not that simple
Players are advised to try co-op as much as possible and share resources, you will be rewarded by using teamwork
Map events are random, so if a scientist is present 1 round and not the next - it's normal
Each Difficulty has its own perks.. Storymode is recommended for the first playthrough
Use the custom flashlights and flares - it will give a sense of fear when navigating the map.

Map Features
-------------
Randomly placed Weapons, Ammo, items and Monsters
Random start locations
Heavy Item Inventory system
Custom Torch and Flares

Inventory system tutorial for the map
------------------------------------
Everything you come across will need to be interacted with to pick up, weapons will go into your inventory and so will health kits. you can then activate these items and it will then be given to you, this Is to allow players to carry multiple weapons for other players, you can however activate the multiple weapons and it will give you the ammo, but you need to make sure to give a short interval or the weapon will delete.

Difficulty information
----------------------
Storymode: no short cuts, easy bosses, no race x or military by default, reduced weapons. - checkpoints available
relaxed: short cuts, easy bosses, race x, easy military, all weapons and ammo. - checkpoints available
medium: no short cuts, medium bosses, race x, medium military, standard weapons. - checkpoints available
punished: no short cuts, hard bosses, race x, hard military, reduced weapons. - checkpoints reduced
tortured: no short cuts, hard bosses + additional, race x + additional, hard military, no weapons or ammo. - checkpoints removed

Military information
--------------------
Allied HECU
Storymode - Tortured
A group of HECU who will assist the player, if taken to various locations, they will drop supplies and barricades when idle

HECU
Relaxed - squad of grunts that will reinforce from a single location
Medium - squad of grunts with medic and engineers, can construct sentries and radios to call for additional forces
punished - squad of grunts with medic, engineers, automatic rifleman and heavy weapon grunts.
tortured - same as above, only reinforcements is 3x faster.
Sentry system take over time: 120-600 seconds

Blackops
Storymode - Relaxed
Black operations squad that have both mp5 and m16, female assassin with suppressed pistol, radios and sentries are constructed
Medium - Tortured
same as above, however the female assassin carries a suppressed uzi instead.
Sentry system take over time: 60-300 seconds

Robotics
Storymode - Medium
Crates are placed around the facility, after a certain amount of time they break. 
Sentry system take over time: 0-15 seconds
Tortured - Light Gunner spawns on the map, and relays information depending on player activity


KNOWN BUGS
----------
Some locations have scuffed clipping, this can prevent you from shooting enemies, screenshot these locations and they will be fixed.


